Copyright © 1994-2020, David L. Marcum
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution.

3. Neither the name of Mississippi State University nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission.

4. Redistributions of this software, in whole or in part, in any form, must be
freely available and licensed under this original License. The Government may
add additional restrictions to their modified and redistributed software as
required by Law. However, these restrictions do not apply to the original
software distribution.

5. Redistributions of this software, in whole or in part, must be freely
available along with the corresponding source code.

6. Redistribution of this source code, including any modifications, may not be
intentionally obfuscated.

7. Other code may make use of this software, in whole or in part, without
restriction, provided that it does not apply any restriction to this software
other than outlined above.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS “AS IS” AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL MISSISSIPPI STATE UNIVERSITY BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
